[vsphere]: Update README with limitations in Virtual Machine metrics (#8331)
elastic/integrations: packages/vsphere/docs/README.md

 The virtual machine consists of a set of specification and configuration files and is backed by the physical resources of a host. Every virtual machine has virtual devices that provide the same functionality as physical hardware but are more portable, secure and easier to manage.

>  Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VM's conecected only to vSS (Virtual Standard Switch) and not vDS (virtual Dustributed Switches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VMs connected only to vSS (Virtual Standard Switch) and not vDS (virtual Distributed Switches).
```

Notes are usually in blockquote. Also spelling mistakes ^
